what you're looking at here are probably
two of the best budget smartphones that
you'll be able to pick up in 2015 with a
cleaned up version of Android 5.0
lollipop super crisp displays and a nice
thin design the alcatel idol 3 series is
definitely in it to win it coverage of
mwc 2015 is brought to you by you new
electronics visit my unu calm or the
link in the description to check out the
best power accessories for Android and
iOS hey what's up everyone this is dom
and today we are checking out the
alcatel idol 3 series and these two
smartphones are definitely going to be
competition for the budget line of
smartphones throughout the rest of the
year now we have two versions we have a
5.5 inch 1080p version and a 4.7 inch
720p version and like I said these are
pretty much packing everything that you
would need first off as I mentioned we
are running lollipop out of the box here
with the idol 3 series and it's a very
lightly skinned version of it pretty
much the only differences that you will
find are these stock icons inside of the
4.7 inch model you'll find a quad-core
Snapdragon 400 processor with one
gigabyte of RAM while be 5.5 inch
version features an octa core Snapdragon
615 processor with two gigabytes of RAM
we have a 29 10 milli amp hour battery
in the 5.5 inch version while the 4.7
inch model features a 2,000 milliamp
hour battery on the back side of both of
these devices you will find a 13
megapixel sony sensor capable of
capturing up to 1080p video while the
front side features an 8 megapixel
sensor on the 5.5 inch version and a 5
megapixel sensor on the 4.7 inch version
you won't find much internal storage
here with only 16 gigabytes and 8
gigabytes in the larger and smaller
version respectively but we do have
microSD expansion via this dual slot
tray so your SIM card goes in the first
slot and a microSD card up to 128
gigabytes goes in the second slot a very
cool feature that you'll find here on
the idol 3 series are front-facing
speakers powered by JBL and I got a
chance to test them out and honestly
they are pretty awesome one last thing I
wanted to point out is that the UI is
fully rotatable and because of the dual
front-facing speakers and the fact that
we have microphones on both ends the
device you can make and receive phone
calls in either direction overall I have
to say these two devices are
cool you basically get everything that
you need dual front-facing speakers a 13
megapixel camera we have an IPS
laminated display with a 1080p
resolution on the 5.5 inch version and a
720p resolution on the 4.7 inch model a
thin design but the best part has to be
the price so the 5.5 inch model will
come in under 250 bucks while the 4.7
inch model will come in under two
hundred dollars and these will be
available around may stay tuned for that
and if you want to see a four of you be
sure to leave this video a thumbs up I'm
definitely looking forward to checking
them out so let me know what you think
about the alcatel idol 3 series down in
the comments section below and leave
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
thank you very much for watching
everyone this is dom and have a great
day
you